perhaps the biggest single boost to
Chanel's reputation came in nineteen
twenty it was the first perfume to bear
a designer's name in its clean
geometrical bottle Chanel number five
meant elegance and mystery two qualities
which would forever remain part of the
Chanel name no elegance is possible with
our perfume she said it is the unseen
unforgettable ultimate accessory of
fashion the success of Chanel number
five only hastened the eclipse of pope
ave whose heavy oriental fragrance soon
fell out of favor with women of taste
women are not flowers said Chanel why
should they want to smell like flowers
it's google bossy good about my capital
confirm certain yeah the prisoner bottle
see you Sebastian you know how they come
may believe a book of acquittal Doha
said altoona capitalist also be given a
parent when we have additional son it's
Ricky would have work out of irrigation
corner I don't repulse caliper fun
cynics a mentally she's a better
competitor front of hundred to do mama
the gift fuzzy it was something about
some keep on sunset diamond diva mode
Paul believe a GD 2nd from mulberry
minna de foie de venir en avait pas
that's informal talk to miss of
attempted sparring partner took Kate
Elma pretentious calworks another I'll
see Fibonacci attempt to keep it sample
comes in later today petite to the
trivia by the mid 20s Coco Chanel had
become an international figure the
established leader of the fashion world
she ran her empire from the mezzo Chanel
at 31 for Campbell
in a freewheeling jazz happy arrow her
image of elegant simplicity was a
perfect antidote to the ornate excesses
of the past and as the barriers of class
were breaking down the easy unfettered
look had a universal appeal fashion she
said should be seen and worn on the
street and not be the exclusivity of a
privileged class Vogue magazine right he
predicted that this simple black dress
would become a kind of uniform for all
women of taste vogue stated here is a
ford signed Chanel Chanel's designs from
this period prompted pave to quip what a
Chanel invented poverty deluxe her women
resembled little undernourished
telephone Clarke's simplicity does not
mean poverty said you know but while her
influence was undeniable Chanel was not
the only designer responsible for the
simple straight line styles of the
twenties virtually every successful
fashion house of the time permitted this
look
you